Triples cleanup (#587)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim: draft-ietf-rats-corim.md

### Endorsed Values Triple {#sec-comid-triple-endval}

> Endorsed Values Triples provide additional Endorsements - i.e., claims reflecting actual state - for an existing Target Environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Endorsed Values Triple provide additional Endorsements - i.e., claims reflecting actual state - for an existing Target Environment.
```

The `endorsed-triple-record` has the following parameters:

> * `condition`: Search criterion that locates an Evidence or Endorsements environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `condition`: Search criterion that locates an Evidence, corroborated Evidence, or Endorsements environment.
```

* `endorsement`: Additional Endorsement Claims.

> To process a `endorsed-triple-record`, its `condition` is compared with existing Evidence and Endorsements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To process a `endorsed-triple-record`, its `condition` is compared with existing Evidence, corroborated Evidence, and Endorsements.
```

> If the search criterion is satisfied, the contents of the triple are added to the Attester's actual state under the Endorser's authority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the search criterion is satisfied, the endorsement is added to the Attester's actual state under the Endorser's authority.
```

### Conditional Endorsement Triple {#sec-comid-triple-cond-endors}

> Conditional Endorsement Triples declare one or more conditions that, once matched, results in augmenting the Attester's actual state with the Endorsement Claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conditional Endorsement Triples  state one or more conditions that, once matched, results in augmenting the Attester's actual state with the Endorsement Claims.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm OK with "declare" language.

* `condition`: Search criterion that locates an Evidence, corroborated Evidence, or Endorsements environment.
* `endorsement`: Additional Endorsement Claims.

To process a `endorsed-triple-record`, its `condition` is compared with existing Evidence, corroborated Evidence, and Endorsements.
If the search criterion is satisfied, the endorsement is added to the Attester's actual state under the Endorser's authority.

### Conditional Endorsement Triple {#sec-comid-triple-cond-endors}

Conditional Endorsement Triples declare one or more conditions that, once matched, results in augmenting the Attester's actual state with the Endorsement Claims.

> The conditions are expressed via `stateful-environment-record`s, which match Target Environments from Evidence in certain reference state.

Reviewer 2: possessive s isn't correct grammar

Author: It’s not possessive “s”.  It’s adding the plural to a `<tt>` element.

The `conditional-endorsement-triple-record` has the following parameters:

> * `conditions`: Search criteria that locates Evidence or Endorsements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `conditions`: Search criteria that locates Evidence,  corroborated Evidence, or Endorsements.
```

> * `conditions`: Search criteria that locates Evidence,  corroborated Evidence, or Endorsements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `conditions`: Search criteria that locates Evidence, corroborated Evidence, or Endorsements.
```

> * `endorsements`: Additional Endorsements.

Reviewer 2: corroborated Evidence should not be removed
